[EDU-5137] Adjust debugging documentation (#1384)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/azion-edge-runtime/debugging/debugging.mdx

## How it works

> To debug codes, you must create a new [Edge Function](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-functions/) that will use the **log** method. This method prints to the console a message that was previously sent by a parameter to the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To debug codes, you must create a new [edge function](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-functions/) that will use the **log** method. This method prints to the console a message previously sent by a parameter to the function.
```

Reviewer: product vs. instance

> ### Creating an Edge Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating an edge function
```

   });
```

6. Click the **Save** button to finish the process.

Now that you've created the edge function, you must configure your **Edge Application** to run the function before the logs are accessible.

---

> ### Instantiating the Edge Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Instantiating the edge function
```

6. Click the **Save** button.

Now your edge function is instantiated and ready to be used in your edge application. You can configure the execution conditions and behaviors using the [Rules Engine](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/rules-engine/):

1. While still configuring your edge application, navigate to the **Rules Engine** tab and click the **+ Rule** button.
2. Give your rule a descriptive name.
3. Select **Request Phase**.
4. In the **Criteria** section, configure the criteria as follows:
   - If `${uri}` *starts with* `/`
5. In the **Behaviors** section, select **Run Function** from the dropdown menu.
6. Choose the instance of your edge function.
7. Click the **Save** button.

Now the function will be executed according to the rule and its logs are ready to be captured by **Data Stream**.

---

### Setting up a Data Stream

1. On the **Products Menu**, go to **Observe** > **Data Stream**.
2. Select an existing stream or create a new one by clicking the **+ Stream** button.
3. In the *Name** field, give your stream a unique and easy-to-remember name.
4. In the **Data Settings** section, select **Edge Functions** as the source.

> 5. Select the **Edge Functions Event Collector** template. In the **Data Set** box, you will see the preset of variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select the **Edge Functions Event Collector** template. In the **Data Set** box, you'll see the preset of variables:
```
